Pre-migration CQA task for the REST API title (#4937)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_working-with-hosts.adoc

= Working with hosts

[role="_abstract"]

> Host entries represent managed systems in {Project}, and you can use API requests to list, query, search, and delete hosts programmatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each system managed in {Project} has a host entry. You can use API requests to list, query, search, and delete hosts programmatically.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd drop "managed". & one sentence per line.

= Working with hosts

[role="_abstract"]

> You can use API requests to manage system hosts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use API requests to manage hosts.
```
